# GundamHammer
Online repository for all your Gundam Tabletop Wargaming needs

Welcome aboard, pilots!  It was the year 0079, and also CE 71, and also PD 323.  All across time, space, and realities, a sudden and unexplained flash of light and energy was seemingly seen everywhere.  Brilliant enough to blink at, it was gone almost as soon as it registered.  People quickly forgot about it, having no impact on their lives.  They continued to live, work, fight, and die.  Even as war raged throughout the different timelines, some commanders began reporting strange encounters - squads from the past, squads of mobile suits from completely unknown places, and some quiet whispers of monsters from nightmares.  Some of these encounters ended peacefully; most ended in bloodshed.  This is the world of GundamHammer 40k - where giant war machines fight battles against the enemies that they know, and against enemies that they could never have imagined.  While some scientists work to understand this strange and chaotic dimensional rifting, most soldiers are just content to survive another battle.

GundamHammer 40k is a set of rules and units to bring the warfare of Gundam, Macross, and other series featuring giant mecha onto the tabletop for battle!  Based on the rules of Warhammer 40,000 9th edition, the rules and units presented here do not alter the basic rules of 40k.  Treat this codex and the various supplements as just another set of faction codexes.  Some special rules are relevant to multiple units across the codex supplements - they are collected here for easy reference.  All of the updated Codexes and Codex Supplements can be found right here!  And join the discussion on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GundamHammer40k/
